hey guys this is my guide to the heroic
version of phobia 5500 deadlines before
pulling this boss you will first decide
which TPS will be in the scalper vehicle
and secondly you will need to clear the
room of all mobs once all mobs have been
cleared the boss will become active you
will have the DPS that is in this
character of stand downstairs where the
ball starts while the rest of the group
pulls the boss up the ramp about
three-fourths of the way out fo Reaper
has two main abilities first is
overdrive which is a threesome cast and
last 10 seconds this works like a
typical whirlwind where you need to run
away to avoid damage the second main
ability for uber has is called harvest
if I reverb will target a random party
member and begin the gas service at this
time the targeted party member needs to
run away after fair Reaper has finishes
Cassie will run to where the target was
at the time of him finishing his cast if
you do not run away during this and you
left where we reach you you will die
once Reaper has reached the targeted
location he will attack using harvest
sweep and then return back to the think
this process a whirlwind and brazuca
knit continues until the boss is dead as
this all goes on GPS at the bottom of
the room will be finding molten slag the
job of the dps is to kill these ads
before they reach the party if they
reach the party is almost guaranteed
white with that said the person in the
Scarecrow should have that problem
simply to be asleep that's them
at thirty percent fo rewritten Regis
stealing 100 set more damage thanks be
ready to local guns
you
I guess oh we're back from our wipe and
looks like we're going to done this time
I need to further explain harvest a
little bit when he starts casting
harvest he will target around the party
member and they will get a red arrow
bothering him that party member needs to
run away as you can see that just
happened if you stand too close you will
die which is exactly what happened last
time we did is I forgot that key point
as well right now which is a one point
looks like 1.3 million he has a Roman
rage it's a hundred percent damage he'll
lose a to be ready for them
and that's fo Reaper 5000